Job Application for Global Payroll Implementation Country Lead - Germany at Remote
Back to jobs
Global Payroll Implementation Country Lead - Germany
Remote - EMEA
Apply
About Remote
Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.
With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.
We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.
If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!
What this job can offer you
This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a
Global Payroll Country (or Regional) Lead , joining our Implementation team.
What you bring
Extensive payroll experience in a client payroll environment.
Expert legislative knowledge in the relevant Country.
Payroll implementation experience .
Strong communication skills for explaining payroll processes and issues to customers and other stakeholders.
Deep knowledge in using local payroll tools and software tools like SAP, Excel / Google Sheet.
An analytical mindset with great problem-solving abilities.
Ability to adapt to a fast-paced, international work environment with a passion for making an impact.
Experience in accounting/reconciliations.
Is a productivity geek and will constantly think of ways to improve and speed up their work.
You understand the need and ideal to work largely
asynchronously
.
Writes and speaks fluent English
It's not required to have experience working remotely, but considered a plus
Key Responsibilities
Act as a true subject matter expert for the specified country / region
Attend Sales calls as the Country Payroll Lead
Participate in Sales hand-over, Lead client hand-over and client kick-off calls
Lead the planning, execution, and monitoring of global payroll implementation projects, ensuring timely delivery
Lead the process from inception through to Parallel runs and the first month of ‘Live’ payroll before handing over to Payroll Operations
Ensure that there is a record of all decisions that were taken throughout the implementation process and ensure Payroll Operations have full visibility including any Standard Operating Procedures that they will require to fulfil ‘Business As Usual’
Develop and maintain detailed project plans & timelines.
Serve as the primary point of contact for the team for all stakeholders involved in the implementation process, including internal teams & customers.
Develop and implement standardised payroll processes, project plans and procedures to ensure consistency and efficiency.
Provide ongoing support during and after the implementation to resolve any issues or challenges.
Support the wider implementation team (including Payroll Generalist) and ops team.
Have a focus on KPIs and SLAs.
Skilled in implementing and improving processes.
Ability to mentor, support and lead our Payroll Generalists who will be working alongside you.
Working with internal teams to improve our platform, completing UAT testing through to shipping. Ensuring all changes are documented .
Practicals
You'll report to:
Manager, Payroll Operations
Team:
Global Payroll Operations
Location
: Anywhere in the World
Start date
: As soon as possible
Application process
(async) Profile review
Interview with recruiter
Interview with team member(s)
Interview with future manager
Bar raiser
(async) Offer
Prior employment verification check
#LI-DNP
Remote's
Total Rewards philosophy
is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair
equity
pay
along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.
At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.  We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.
Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.
At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards & People Enablement team on a case by case basis.
The annual salary range for this full-time position is
€71.850
-
€80.800
EUR
Benefits
Our full benefits & perks are explained in our handbook at
remote.com/r/benefits
. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:
work from anywhere
flexible paid time off
flexible working hours (we are
async
)
16 weeks paid parental leave
mental health support services
stock options
learning budget
home office budget & IT equipment
budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces
How you’ll plan your day (and life)
We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at
remote.com/async
.
You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your
life-work balance
is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.
If that sounds like something you want, apply now!
How to apply
Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.
We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.
If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.
Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask & encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.
We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.
At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity. We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience. To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see
here
.
Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.
Create a Job Alert
Interested in building your career at Remote? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.
Create alert
Apply for this job
*
indicates a required field
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email
*
Phone
Country
*
Phone
*
Resume/CV
*
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Cover Letter
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
LinkedIn Profile
How did you hear about Remote?
*
Select...
Please choose the country in which you are located.
*
Select...
Work eligibility is extremely important. Are you legally eligible to work in the country where you’re planning to work from?
*
Select...
If you are eligible, please select the status that allows you to work and live in that Country:
*
Select...
Do you have a non-compete in place with your previous or current employer that prevents you from working for us?
*
Select...
What pronouns should we use to refer to you?
*
Select...
At Remote, we are committed to transparency, innovation, and care for our employees and candidates. To support this and ensure we are able to focus on you, not on taking notes, we use brighthire.ai to record and auto-transcript our interviews. If we decide you are good potential fit for the role, do you consent to us using this tool during the interviewing process? Declining recording will not affect your candidacy.
*
Select...
https://brighthire.com/
Have you ever been hired through Remote as a third party?
*
Select...
If you were previously employed by Remote, please share the email you used for signing in. If not, please put N/A (text box)
*
Do you have 5+ years experience of processing German payroll?
*
Select...
Do you have 2+ years of Implementing German Payrolls?
*
Select...
Do you have 2+ years of processing German Payroll using DATEV?
*
Select...
Notice at Collection for California Job Applicants
*
Select...
This Notice at Collection describes the categories of personal information that
Remote
("the Business") collects about California residents in their capacity as job applicants and the purposes for which that information is used.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Personal identifiers:
Such as your name, email address, phone number, Linkedin profile, country and city, IP address.
Professional or Employment-Related Information:
Such as your resume/CV, cover letter, work history, professional references, information about skills and abilities, accomplishments and awards, training and development information, performance evaluation information, previous employment information and employment termination information.
Work eligibility information:
Such as work eligibility status, existence of a non-compete.
Other information:
Job interview notes, transcripts, assessment results, evaluation related to your application and any other information you provide in connection with the recruitment process.
Education Information:
Such as degrees, diplomas, certifications, and educational background.
Geolocation information:
Such as IP addresses from which we can determine your general location.
Sensitive Personal Information
Protected characteristics:
Such as sex, pronouns, disability status, race, gender identity through voluntary self-disclosure.
Physical or Biological information:
If we use video interviewing tools, we may process your audio and visual information.
Precise geolocation
: Derived from your IP address (if precise)
Remote does not sell or share any of the categories of personal information listed above.
Purposes for Collection and Use
The information above is collected and used for the following purposes:
Recruiting and Hiring:
To evaluate your qualifications for the position for which you applied and to communicate with you throughout the application process.
Inclusive Hiring:
To ensure our hiring process is inclusive, complies with applicable law and regulations, and that people of all backgrounds are represented in our talent pool.
Verification:
To verify your candidacy information, identity and legal right to work in respective country. Employment verification involves contacting past employers and may also include contacting listed references.
Legal Compliance:
To comply with applicable law and regulations including state and federal laws, such as equal employment opportunity reporting requirements.
Security:
To prevent and detect fraud and investigate security incidents.
Selling or Sharing of Personal Information
Remote
does not "sell" or "share" (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) the personal information of job applicants to third parties. We only disclose specific pieces of information to service providers (e.g. Greenhouse) for the specific business purposes described above.
Retention Periods
We retain all categories of personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the recruiting and hiring purpose for which it was collected but in any event for no longer than a year, or as required by applicable law.
Your Rights and More Information
For more details on your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act—including your
Right to Know
,
Right to Delete
, and
Right to Correct
—please visit our CCPA/CPRA
Privacy Policy
.
Third Parties that Control the Collection of Personal Information
In some instances, not only Remote may control the collection of your personal information as job applicant. For certain parts of the application process, the following third parties may control the collection of your data:
Successful Application Checks
: If your application is successful, Remote will make an offer for employment which may be conditional on you passing additional checks.
ID and Employment Verification
: These checks, including ID verification and employment history, are conducted via
Veremark Ltd (United Kingdom)
and
Persona Identities, Inc. (USA)
.
Direct Collection
: These third parties may control the collection of personal information directly from you to perform these specific verification services.
Additional Notice
: You will receive an additional notice (Notice at collection) from the these third parties if and when Remote requires these specific checks.
Cooperation
: These third party service providers are required by contract to cooperate with Remote to enable your CCPA rights.
Privacy notice
*
Select...
When you apply to a job at Remote on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Remote, which consists in a network of legal entities. However, for data protection purposes the entities in control of all personal data processed in connection with your application are:
Remote Europe Holding, B.V., a company registered in the Netherlands under number 7403597, at Kraijenhoffstraat 137A, 1018RG Amsterdam, The Netherlands; and
Remote Technology Services, Inc., a company registered in the United States of America under number 7988145 at 2261 Market St STE 86540 San Francisco, CA 94114;
collectively referred to as 'Controller'.
Controller’s data protection is handled by our Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted at
dpo@remote.com
. Your personal data will be processed under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation - GDPR) for the purposes of managing the Controller’s recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Controller, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.
Your personal data will be stored with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the USA and engaged by the Controller to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on the Controller’s behalf. Accordingly, if you are located in the EU, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this website. Greenhouse Software, Inc. is an active participant in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program**.**
We'll review your public LinkedIn profile, and this may influence our decision to proceed with your application.
If your application is successful, the Controller will make an offer for employment which may be conditional on you passing a few additional checks, such as an ID verification check and employment history check. We conduct these checks via Veremark Ltd (United Kingdom) and Persona Identities, Inc. (USA). You will receive an additional notice if and when the Controller requires these checks.
Your personal data will be retained by the Controller as long as the Controller determines it is necessary for its legitimate interest under 6(1)(f) of GDPR ****(to evaluate your suitability for the role you are applying for) but in any event for no longer than a year.
Under GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data is restricted. You also have the right to object and the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.
Voluntary Self-Identification Questions
Voluntary Self-Identification
Remote is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and as such it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences.Through the below self-identification survey, we invite you to share your demographic information.
This information will be used to ensure that our hiring process is inclusive and that people of all backgrounds are represented in our talent pool.
All answers are anonymous and will not be tied to your job application or candidate profile.
The data will be aggregated and only used internally to inform our hiring strategies and processes to ensure we are actively working toward creating access to opportunities among under-represented groups and increasing our teams’ diversity.
The access to the collected data is limited on a need-to-know basis.
These questions are optional and voluntary, and will not have any impact on hiring outcomes.
Visit the
Remote Handbook
to read more about how diversity, equity, and inclusion are a way of life at Remote.
What is your Race/Ethnicity?
Select...
What gender do you identify with?
Select...
Do you identify as part of the Lesbian, Bisexual, Gay, Transgender, Queer, Intersex, and Asexual (LBGTQIA+) community?
Select...
Do you consider yourself to have a disability?
Select...
Please confirm you consent your self-identification data to be processed for the listed purposes
*
Select...
Submit application