Strategy & Operations Manager (Remote)
Location
Remote - United States
Employment Type
Full time
Location Type
Remote
Department
Operations
Compensation
$136,170 – $152,190 • Offers Equity • Range above includes base salary, there is no bonus for this role.
The range above represents the minimum and maximum for starting total cash in this role. The total cash offered is based on a combination of factors such as individual proficiency, pay equity, and experience level.
Overview
Application
We believe that mental health is just as important as physical health. We recognize that mental health issues can be complex and multifaceted, and we are dedicated to treating the whole person, not just the symptoms.
We aim to create a world where mental health is no longer stigmatized or marginalized, but rather is embraced as an integral part of one's overall well-being.
We believe that by providing quality care that is both evidence-based and compassionate, we can empower individuals to take charge of their mental health and achieve their full potential. We are passionate about making a positive impact on the lives of those struggling with mental health issues and we strive to be a force for positive change in the field of mental healthcare.
Rula is a remote-first company. We currently hire in most U.S. states, with the exception of Hawaii.
About the Role
We’re hiring a Strategy & Operations Manager to drive and elevate provider quality initiatives at Rula through data-driven decision making and high-impact operational programs. This role is designed for a startup operator who loves navigating extreme ambiguity, digging deep into complex datasets, and converting raw numbers into high-impact operational programs.
You’ll lead scalable quality initiatives across our provider network by identifying gaps, sizing opportunities, and driving quarterly programs that move key metrics. You’ll partner cross-functionally to align on priorities, execute with rigor, and measure what matters.
This role requires strong analytical horsepower, structured problem-solving, and the ability to translate complex data into clear actions. You’ll own initiatives such as psych provider quality reviews, note quality improvements, and AI-powered documentation programs, with a strong bias toward action and measurable outcomes.
Required Qualifications
5+ years of professional experience in highly analytical, fast-paced environments like management consulting, investment banking, or high-growth technology startups.
Mastery of Excel or Google Sheets for advanced financial, operational, and statistical modeling
Highly proficient in SQL with comfort independently querying, joining, and cleaning large, messy datasets
A proven track record of not just delivering insights, but successfully executing cross-functional projects that move core business metrics.
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and execution-focused
Preferred Qualifications
While having the preferred qualifications enhances your candidacy, having all of them is not mandatory. We encourage all interested applicants to apply, even those who may not meet every preferred requirement.
1+ years of experience in a high-growth health tech startup environment
Experience partnering with clinicians (e.g., psychiatrists, therapists) and translating clinical workflows and quality standards into measurable, data-driven improvements
Familiarity with tools like Salesforce, Looker, or Hex
Experience managing external vendors or partners
We're serious about your well-being! As part of our team, full-time employees receive:
100% remote work environment: Working hours to support a healthy work-life balance, ensuring you can meet both professional and personal commitments (must be based in United States, currently not hiring in Hawaii)
Attractive pay and benefits: Full transparency of pay ranges regardless of where you live in the United States
Comprehensive health benefits: Medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and FSA/HSA
401(k) plan access: Start saving for your future
Generous time-off policies: Including 2 company-wide shutdown weeks each year for self-care (for most employees)
Paid parental leave: Available for all parents, including birthing, non-birthing, adopting, and fostering
Employee Assistance Program (EAP): Supporting your mental and physical health
Quarterly department stipend: Fun team-building activities or in-person gatherings
Community and employee resource groups: Participate in groups that celebrate employee identity and lived experiences, fostering a sense of community and belonging for all
Home office stipend: New hire home office stipend & $50 monthly stipend to help cover internet or cell phone expenses
Wellness at Rula program: Year-round wellness initiatives and a $50/month wellness stipend
Our team
We believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are fundamental to our mission of making mental healthcare work for everyone.  We are dedicated to having a culture of inclusion that will support our employees in feeling safe, seen, heard, and valued.
Apply for this Job
Powered by
Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure