Included Health - Go-To-Market Enablement Manager
Go-To-Market Enablement Manager
Remote
Growth & Business Excellence – Organizational Effectiveness /
Full-Time /
Remote
apply for this job
Job Summary:
The
GTM Enablement Manager
will be a critical partner to both the Growth Organization (Ex.: Business Development Representatives, Sales, Consultant Relations) and Client Organization (Ex.: Client Onboarding and Client Success). This role will develop and deliver comprehensive enablement programs that equip market-facing teams with the knowledge, skills, and tools needed to drive consistent performance, revenue growth, client retention, and expansion.
This role will have end-to-end responsibility for enabling GTM teams across a broad range of topics, including deep product knowledge, role-specific skills, and operational and process updates by designing and delivering onboarding and ongoing role-specific curriculum, incorporating external professional development programs, streamlining knowledge management practices, and driving applied learning and certification initiatives. This also includes enabling teams on critical GTM technologies such as Salesforce, HubSpot, and other sales and marketing tools.
This is a dynamic role for an agile individual who can adapt to rapidly changing work environments, including the integration of AI in project management, content development, and facilitation. The ideal candidate has a deep understanding of the sales process, client lifecycle, methodologies, and tools, and a proven track record of creating effective GTM enablement programs that deliver results. They understand the dynamic nature of service delivery and the need for real-time information sharing that instills confidence internally and with clients. They thrive in ambiguity and can operate effectively in a matrixed environment with excellent communication and presentation skills. The role reports to the Director, GTM Enablement.
Responsibilities:
Stakeholder Partnership:
Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with leadership and team members across both Growth and Client Organizations to understand their needs and strategically align enablement priorities. Serve as a trusted partner on GTM enablement best practices, ensuring effective execution and accountability throughout the enablement cycle.
Cross-Functional Alignment & Collaboration:
Collaborate with Business Operations, Marketing, Product, and other relevant teams and cross-functional service delivery partners to align enablement priorities, objectives, and establish shared execution plans. Partner with subject-matter experts to develop and deliver impactful enablement content that turns strategy into high-performing execution of the strategy within both the Growth and Client Organizations.
Develop & Deliver Enablement Programs:
Design and execute comprehensive enablement programs, including onboarding, role-specific training, and applied learning to reinforce knowledge retention and skills application translating enablement into action and business outcomes.
Content Creation & Knowledge Management:
Co-create and manage high-quality GTM enablement content, such as playbooks and best practices documentation. Partner with the GTM Enablement Coordinator to maintain a knowledge repository and learning management system for easy access to resources, tools and training.
Measurement & Impact:
Partner with Business Operations to understand areas for improvement within the Growth and Client Organizations and provide data-driven enablement recommendations. Track and measure the effectiveness of enablement programs using key metrics to inform continuous improvement. Regularly report insights to Growth and Client Organization leadership and the GTM Enablement team.
Project Management & Execution:
Drive enablement initiatives from conception to completion, demonstrating strong project management skills to navigate the organization, build consensus, and ensure successful delivery.
Qualifications:
Healthcare/benefits industry experience is required.
Experience:
4+ years of experience in GTM Enablement or Training, focused on both pre- and post-sales teams and processes.  A minimum of 4-5 years of direct training experience combined with 7-10 years of commercial experience is highly preferred.
Enablement Program Expertise:
Proven ability to design and deliver impactful enablement programs that drive measurable results, grounded in adult learning principles.
Collaborative Skills:
Demonstrated success in working effectively with cross-functional teams to align priorities and execute enablement plans and ongoing knowledge management.  Proven ability to build strong relationships and foster harmony and consensus across teams.
Data-Driven Recommendations:
Ability to use data to inform enablement priorities, measure impact, and recommend improvements.  Demonstrated strong analytical skills, with the ability to interpret data and translate insights into actionable enablement strategies.
Communication & Facilitation:
Excellent communication, presentation, and facilitation skills, with the ability to convey complex information clearly and concisely.
Program Management:
Strong program management and organizational skills to manage multiple enablement initiatives in a fast-paced environment.  PMP certification or equivalent project management experience is a plus.
The base salary range for this full-time position is
$108,650.00 – $142,224.00 per year
in the United States. This posted range reflects the portion of our internal salary band that is currently funded for new hires in this role across our standard labor markets (
Zones A–C
).
For context, these markets include
Zone A
(e.g., Phoenix AZ, San Antonio TX, Columbus OH, Charlotte NC),
Zone B
(e.g., Chicago IL, Denver CO, San Diego CA, Houston TX), and
Zone C
(e.g., Los Angeles CA, Seattle WA, Washington, D.C., Boston MA). At this time, we are not budgeting for hires in
higher-cost Zone D markets
(e.g., San Francisco Bay Area CA, New York City NY, San Jose CA) for this role. Within this range, individual pay is determined by work location, skills, experience, and internal equity. We use structured salary bands and geographic zones based on cost of labor to keep pay fair and consistent.
Benefits & Perks:
In addition to receiving a great compensation package, the compensation package may include, depending on the role, the following and more:
Bonus
Equity
Remote-first culture
401(k) savings plan through Fidelity
Comprehensive medical, vision, and dental coverage through multiple medical plan options (including disability insurance)
Paid Time Off ("PTO") and Discretionary Time Off (“DTO")
12 weeks of 100% Paid Parental leave
Family Building & Compassionate Leave: Fertility coverage, $25,000 for surrogacy/adoption, and paid leave for failed treatments, adoption or pregnancies.
Work-From-Home reimbursement to support team collaboration home office work
Your recruiter will share more about the salary range and benefits package for your role during the hiring process.
About Included Health
Included Health is a new kind of healthcare company, delivering integrated virtual care and navigation. We’re on a mission to raise the standard of healthcare for everyone. We break down barriers to provide high-quality care for every person in every community — no matter where they are in their health journey or what type of care they need, from acute to chronic, behavioral to physical. We offer our members care guidance, advocacy, and access to personalized virtual and in-person care for everyday and urgent care, primary care, behavioral health, and specialty care. It’s all included. Learn more at
includedhealth.com
.
-----
Included Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. Included Health considers all qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, and California law.
Included Health uses AI-assisted tools at select stages of the hiring process to enhance efficiency, consistency, and communication. AI does not make hiring decisions—final decisions are made exclusively by our recruiting and hiring teams.
apply for this job
Included Health Home Page
Jobs powered by