General Manager/Director of Clinical Operations, Psychiatry
Location
Remote
Employment Type
Full time
Location Type
Remote
Department
Corporate & Technology
Clinical Operations
Compensation
$165K – $175K • Offers Bonus
Overview
Application
We are seeking a General Manager / Director of Clinical Operations, Psychiatry to own and oversee the day-to-day activities for a team of clinicians. This role will have control over the supply and demand sides of our business to find the sweet spot between provider flexibility and operational efficiency. To that end, you will be responsible for utilization management, capacity planning, adherence to care protocol, billing consistency, and cost control. In essence, you will be a business owner accountable for revenue growth and cost and quality control.
We are seeking an experienced business leader and operator with a proven track record of delivering results across various business areas at high-growth companies. This role is highly cross-functional and collaborative. You will be working with clinicians as your main internal clients but will partner with Product and Tech, Clinical Support, and other centralized operational functions. You will be frequently finding yourself strategizing on long term goals, problem solving day-to-day inefficiencies of our operations, interpreting performance and quantitative data, and running projects into improve our experience and care quality.
If you are passionate about running a business and enable clinicians in serving mental health needs, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. This role is one of the most integral parts of Talkiatry’s next chapter!
About Talkiatry
Talkiatry is transforming mental health care by making high-quality psychiatry more accessible, human, and sustainable for both patients and clinicians. Co-founded by a patient and a triple-board-certified psychiatrist, we were built to solve one of healthcare’s most urgent challenges: millions of people struggle to access mental health care, while clinicians face growing administrative burden and burnout. Through our technology-powered, in-network platform, we’re changing that, creating a better experience for patients and empowering clinicians to focus on delivering exceptional care.
Today, Talkiatry is the largest dedicated psychiatry practice in the U.S., with 750+ psychiatrists, 250+ therapists, and more than two million patient visits delivered nationwide. At our scale, every innovation has real impact. Every workflow we improve, every technology solution we build, and every patient experience we redesign helps thousands of clinicians provide better care to hundreds of thousands of patients. We’re not just growing quickly — we’re redefining how behavioral healthcare is delivered in America.
Joining Talkiatry means joining a mission-driven team that is solving complex problems at scale, driving meaningful change in healthcare, and building the future of mental health care with compassion, innovation, and purpose.
You will:
PARTNER WITH CLINICAL LEADERS IN A DYAD LEADERSHIP – implement policies, programs, and procedures to achieve objectives across quality, growth, efficiency, and experience.
CLINICAL CHANGE MANAGEMENT – ensure consistency of service delivery by rolling out new processes and/or enhance adoption of new technology features.
BUSINESS UNIT P&L OWNERSHIP – sustain current performance with existing data tools and process playbook, while stretching towards higher targets as we innovate as a company.
IMPROVE CLINICAL OPERATIONS – Use a structured, data-driven approach to solve old problems in new ways (e.g. patient matching & scheduling, late cancel and no show policies, care plan adherence, clinical documentation flows, etc.).
COLLABROATE WITH CENTRAL OPERATIONS – Work closely with Analytics & Insights and Program Management to scale regional solutions for practice-wide adoption.
SUPPORT COMMERCIALIZATION – Partner with Strategic Operations and Marketing to engage referral partners and specialty patient populations.
SUPPORT ORGANIZATIONAL CULTURE – Leading by example, fostering a culture of empathy, service, collaboration, accountability, and inclusion.
You have:
5-10 years of experience in operations, driving results across diverse business sectors and/or at high growth healthcare companies.
Bachelor’s degree, preferably Master of Business Administration or Healthcare Management.
Background in banking or consulting, experience honing strong analytical skills paired with the ability to execute operational tactics and measure impact in an unbiased way.
Exceptional presentation and communication skills with the ability to motivate and inspire diverse audiences, both clinical and non-clinical.
Willingness to travel occasionally for in-office work, conferences, and regional events.
Passion for mental health care delivery and the desire to use your talents to help the hands that heal, supporting our clinicians professionally in an ever-changing environment.
Why Talkiatry:
Top-notch team: we're a diverse, experienced group motivated to make a difference in mental health care
Collaborative environment: be part of building something from the ground up at a fast-paced startup
Excellent benefits: medical, dental, vision, effective day 1 of employment, 401K with match, generous PTO plus paid holidays, paid parental leave, and more!
Grow your career with us: hone your skills and build new ones with our Learning team as Talkiatry expands
It all comes back to care: we’re a mental health company, and we put our team’s well-being first
Talkiatry participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. only after a job offer is accepted and Form I-9 is completed. For more information on E-Verify, please visit the following: EVerify Participation & IER Right to Work.
At Talkiatry, we are an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace and candidate experience. We strive to create an environment where everyone has a sense of belonging and purpose, and where we learn from the unique experiences of those around us.
We encourage all qualified candidates to apply regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
Apply for this Job
Powered by
Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure